Meta: Add link to tc39/template-for-proposals (#2239)
tc39/ecma262: CONTRIBUTING.md

Your goal will be to convince others that your proposal is a useful addition to the language and recruit TC39 members to help turn your request into a proposal and shepherd it into the language. Once a proposal is introduced to the committee, new features are considered by the committee according to the [TC39 process document](https://tc39.es/process-document/).

> Proposals may be backed by a repository created from the [TC39 Template for Proposals](https://github.com/tc39/template-for-proposals). Once adopted to Stage 1 by the committee, the proposal repository should be transferred into the tc39 org on GitHub.

Reviewer: How about this?

```suggestion
You can look at [existing proposals](https://github.com/tc39/proposals/) for examples of how proposals are structured, and some delegates use [this template](https://github.com/tc39/template-for-proposals) when creating repositories for their proposals. Proposals need to have a repository and be moved to the TC39 org on GitHub once they reach Stage 1.
```

Author: Works for me

> Proposals should be backed by a repository created from the [TC39 Template for Proposals](https://github.com/tc39/template-for-proposals). Once adopted to Stage 1 by the committee, the proposal repository should be transferred into the tc39 org on GitHub.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure we have consensus that proposals "should" be created from the template; that's there more as a convenient option.

Author: I changed "should" to "may"
